[FEAT] Add integration with `huggingface_hub.utils.telemetry` (#5218)
recognai/rubrix: argilla/docs/reference/argilla-server/telemetry.md

* The system’s release version, e.g. `Darwin Kernel Version 21.5.0: Tue Apr 26 21:08:22 PDT 2022; root:xnu-8020`
* The machine type, e.g. `AMD64`
* The underlying platform spec with as much useful information as possible. (eg. `macOS-10.16-x86_64-i386-64bit`)

> * The type of deployment: `quickstart` or `server`, and if it is deployed on Hugging Face spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The type of deployment: `huggingface_space` or `server`
```
